Release 48.0.0 [controller-utils] (#1238)
MetaMask/core: packages/controller-utils/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.3.0]
### Added
- Add Sign-in-with-Ethereum origin validation ([#1163](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1163))

> - Add extension ens controller ([#1170](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1170))

Reviewer: The controller itself isn't a part of this package. How does this sound:

```suggestion
- Add `NetworkId` enum and `NETWORK_ID_TO_ETHERS_NETWORK_NAME_MAP` constant that includes entries for each built-in Infura network ([#1170](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1170))
- Add
```

## [Unreleased]

## [3.3.0]
### Added
- Add Sign-in-with-Ethereum origin validation ([#1163](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1163))
- Add `NetworkId` enum and `NETWORK_ID_TO_ETHERS_NETWORK_NAME_MAP` constant that includes entries for each built-in Infura network ([#1170](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1170))

> - Add

Reviewer: Hah, oops, I added an extra "Add" here; I was considering making two entries and left it in the suggestion accidentally.

```suggestion
```
